  All the jetstreams and boosters are controlled directly: press a button and the related piece of hardware will be activated; depress the button and it will desactivate. A travel is therefore quitte discontinuous, made of segments of inertial movement separated by short intervals of booster activity.

  The ship can be piloted either with a keyboard or a joystick. If the program detects a joystick, it will automatically disable the keyboard controls. The joystick offers a smoother and easier way to control the ship but you need to have four axes (X, Y, throttle and rudder), four buttons and a Point of View (POV) button. If you don't have all of these, you should unplug your joystick and use the keyboard instead as some vital feature would be unavailable.

Joystick
--------
Axes alone:

Axis X:   Yaw rotation (around axis Y)
Axis Y:   Pitch rotation (around axis X)
Throttle: if pushed, it controls the backward thrusting booster (main
          booster). If pulled, it controls the forward thrusting booster
          (deceleration). In middle position it desengages completely the longitudinal
          boosters. Note that the throttle do not ignite the boosters. It is just
          adjusting the amount of thrust that will be launched when pressing button 3.
"Rudder": Roll rotation (around axis Z)

  If you act on the X,Y and R axes while keeping the button 2 pressed, you switch from "rotation mode" to "translation mode":
Axis X:   Transversal translation (along X)
Axis Y:   Longitudinal translation (along Z)
Axis R:   Vertical translation: rudder left = upward, rudder right = downward

Button 3: Ignites the longitudinal booster (either forward or backward,
          depending on the position of the throttle.
Button 4: Ignites the belly booster.

POV button: Eight-position direction of view.

Escape key: Exit game

Keyboard
--------
Arrows:
Up:     Pitch down
Down:   Pitch up
Left:   Yaw left
Right:  Yaw right

A:      Roll left
D:      Roll right
W:      Forward translation (jetstream)

S:      Forward-thrusting booster (deceleration)
Space:  Backward-thrusting booster (main booster)
Control:Belly booster

Shift:  Doubles the effect of all the previous commands

Home:   Front view
Del:    Left view
End:    Back view
Page down: Right view

Escape: Exit game

