  Flying the spaceship is not so easy as it is a full manual process. You have direct control on all boosters and attitude-controllers and must use them wisely to fly where you want to. The principles are to orientate the ship correctly with the attitude controllers and use the main booster to change speed and direction.

Attitude controllers
--------------------
  The attitude - pitch, roll, yaw - of the ship is controlled by jetstreams located around the ship following an antagonistic pattern. That means that each jet compensates the action of another and the resulting effect on the speed vector is null. The only action is to change the speed of rotation along the three axes.

Boosters
--------
  The speed is controlled by mean of four boosters. Three of them are longitudinally disposed and are bidrectional. The fourth is located under the belly of the ship and thrusts it "upward". The most powerful are the three backward-oriented boosters. Use them both to gain speed for long transits, change direction and decelerate (by turning the ship back to the travel direction). The forward-oriented boosters are less powerful and are mostly useful to correct the trajectory at low et medium speed. The belly booster is first designed as sustentator in gravity-driven environments. When in space, it can be used as an aid to control the trajectory at low and medium speed. It is particularly useful to make  sharp lateral turn by providing a centripete force. However, its use demands some training and, as you can't control it's thrust-power it is more difficult to use than the longitudinal boosters.

  You can use the belly and longitudinal boosters simultaneously, but the latter can thrust in only one direction at a given time. If you have a joystick, you can control the thrust with great precision. Remember that there is no friction in space. Therefore, you need to use the boosters only when accelerating, decelerating and changing direction. The rest of the transit is quite silent.

Translation jetstreams
----------------------
  The attitude controller may be used in another antagonistic way to translate the ship along the three axes (axis Z only with a keyboard). The longitudinal jetstreams act like the boosters but with much more precision. The lateral jetstreams allow the ship to drift sideward in order to achieve alignement with some target. The vertical jetstreams move the ship "up and down" along the Y axis and have the same use as the lateral ones. Used in this way, the jetstreams will not generate any rotation.

Head-Up Display
---------------
  The HUD gives you invaluable information to control your trajectory as it is quite difficult to estimate distances and speed in Space. The main feature is the velocity vector indicator. It has the shape of a scale or railway, green in the direction of travel and red in the backward direction. The leading lines converge toward the point where the ship is actually moving. Note that this direction is completely independent of the attitude of the ship. The vector is very useful to navigate your ship with precision among the asteroids and toward the station's bay. The transversal lines are spaced by one second. They give you an intuitive notion of your velocity and allow you to compute time to impact (if any). Ten such lines are always present; the furthest one, if visible, indicate therefore the place where your ship will be 10 seconds later. This is most useful to correctly plan a deceleration procedure.

  The second HUD feature is the head-on indicator. It indicates what the ship is actually pointing at and therefore the direction of the thrust of the longitudinal boosters. It has the shape of a yellow cross. If your ship is perfectly aligned with the velocity vector, using the boosters will generate only a change of speed but no change of direction at all. By contrast, the further the yellow cross is from the velocity vector, the less the speed will be modified but the more the trajectory will change. Note that, although the velocity vector can be seen in all direction from the cockpit, the head-on cross is, logically, only visible in frontal view.

  The last HUD feature is the beacon detector. It indicates the direction of the spatial station. It has the shape of a cyclically expanding red square. The larger the square, the closer the beacon. Note that when the station is very far, the square may be difficult to find.

Cockpit
-------
  The cockpit consists in a transparent seamless plastiglass bubble lying on top of the spaceship just over its center of gravity. You have an unhindered 360° field of view. However, the hull of the ship masks almosteverything that lies below it and the upper longitudinal booster closes the horizon upward. The main purpose to rolling the ship in a gravityless environment is to optimise the field of view in order to achieve some particular manoeuvre. (you can also roll the ship in order to make better use of the belly booster in complex manoeuvres)

